# Ongoing

### Smart Home
Our groups are interested in the efficient use of household energy. To serve this purpose we are interested in the prospect of using machine learning to intelligently design and plan energy uses for both household and commercial building. We care about building envelope quality's impact on energy leakage, HVAC scheduling, drone based mass building monitoring to find and localize the energy leakage. We have enlisted the current state of the art. I will share the link soon after the peer reviewed process finalizes.


### Video Based Health Monitoring
Here is a short overview of state of the art for the remote PPG [review rppg](https://github.com/mxahan/PDFS_notes/blob/master/rppg_research_reflection.pdf)

I have not referred the works properly as for keeping notes. But I believe searching with the name would lead to the original paper.

I am hoping to add my works on RPPG with it soon :).

Please let me know If I am missing something fundamental here in this review.

Dataset

CamSense

RhythmEdge

Self-rPPG

rPPGen



## Novel Categories Discovery

Multi-view dataset collection and experimentations

NEV-NCD

NEV-NCD with Multiview

Neural statistics learning



# Archive

### Finger PPG signal

### Wasserstein GAN

[Project report and code](https://github.com/mxahan/PDFS_notes/blob/master/cycle_gan_project.pdf)

### Philips Health Care Research

### Research reflection on the VGG group

- up to 1/10/2020

[Projects in VGG](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sAaE6FVr24-vFZoRV5WSFCNbEoB0HiBXyLiJ1tm0nug/edit?usp=sharing)
